README.md, before:

# DataFusion: Big Data Platform for Rust

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/datafusion.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/datafusion)
[![Docs](https://docs.rs/datafusion/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/datafusion)
[![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/gitterHQ/gitter.png)](https://gitter.im/datafusion-rs)

DataFusion is a distributed data processing platform implemented in Rust. It is very much inspired by Apache Spark and has a similar programming style through the use of DataFrames and SQL.

DataFusion can also be used as a crate dependency in your project if you want the ability to perform SQL queries and DataFrame style data manipulation in-process against your own data sources. In that respect, DataFusion is inspired by Apache Calcite in the Java world.

# Project Home Page

The project home page is now at [https://datafusion.rs](https://datafusion.rs) and contains the [roadmap](https://datafusion.rs/roadmap) as well as documentation for using this crate or running DataFusion as a distributed cluster. I am using [GitHub issues](https://github.com/andygrove/datafusion-rs/issues) to track development tasks and feedback.

# Gitter

There is a [Gitter channel](https://gitter.im/datafusion-rs/Lobby) where you can ask questions about the project or make feature suggestions too.

# Building DataFusion

See [BUILDING.md](/BUILDING.md).

# Contributing

Contributors are welcome! Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

Commit message:

Refactor datasources and add experimental support for Parquet (#95)

README.md, after:

# DataFusion: Modern Distributed Compute Platform implemented in Rust

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/datafusion.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/datafusion)
[![Docs](https://docs.rs/datafusion/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/datafusion)
[![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/gitterHQ/gitter.png)](https://gitter.im/datafusion-rs)

DataFusion is a modern distributed compute platform implemented in Rust. It is very much inspired by Apache Spark and has a similar programming style through the use of DataFrames and SQL.

DataFusion can also be used as a crate dependency in your project if you want the ability to perform SQL queries and DataFrame style data manipulation in-process against your own data sources. In that respect, DataFusion is inspired by Apache Calcite in the Java world.

# Prerequisits

- Rust nightly
- Thrift (required by `parquet-rs` crate) - instructions [here](https://github.com/sunchao/parquet-rs/)

# Building DataFusion

See [BUILDING.md](/BUILDING.md).

# Project Home Page

The project home page is now at [https://datafusion.rs](https://datafusion.rs) and contains the [roadmap](https://datafusion.rs/roadmap) as well as documentation for using this crate or running DataFusion as a distributed cluster. I am using [GitHub issues](https://github.com/andygrove/datafusion-rs/issues) to track development tasks and feedback.

# Gitter

There is a [Gitter channel](https://gitter.im/datafusion-rs/Lobby) where you can ask questions about the project or make feature suggestions too.


# Contributing

Contributors are welcome! Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.
